additional notes for supbixel smoothing in documentation (#1820)
NanoComp/meep: doc/docs/Subpixel_Smoothing.md

3. Objects with sharp corners or edges are associated with field singularities which introduce an unavoidable error intermediate between first and second order.

4. The fields directly on the interface are still at best first-order accurate. The improved accuracy from smoothing is therefore obtained for fields evaluated off of the interface as in the [scattered Poynting flux](Python_Tutorials/Basics.md#transmittance-spectrum-of-a-waveguide-bend) integrated over a surface away from the interface, for nonlocal properties such as [resonant frequencies](Python_Tutorials/Resonant_Modes_and_Transmission_in_a_Waveguide_Cavity.md#resonant-modes), and for overall integrals of fields and energies to which the interface contributes only $\mathcal{O}(\Delta x)$ of the integration domain.

> 5. It is only valid when the `resolution` is fine enough such that the dielectric interfaces are locally flat within the voxel. At `resolution`s which are coarser than the geometric dimensions, the analytic theory breaks down and subpixel smoothing is no longer guaranteed to improve accuracy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. It is only valid when the `resolution` is fine enough such that the dielectric interfaces are locally flat within most of the voxels (i.e., the radius of curvature is much larger than the resolution Δx). At `resolution`s which are coarser than the geometric dimensions, the analytic theory breaks down and subpixel smoothing is no longer guaranteed to improve accuracy.
```
